Refactor env settings into config (#1601)
openai/codex: codex-rs/config.md

env_http_headers = { "X-Example-Features": "EXAMPLE_FEATURES" }
```

### Per-provider network tuning

The following optional settings control retry behaviour and streaming idle timeouts **per model provider**. They must be specified inside the corresponding `[model_providers.<id>]` block in `config.toml`. (Older releases accepted top‑level keys; those are now ignored.)

Example:

```toml
[model_providers.openai]
name = "OpenAI"
base_url = "https://api.openai.com/v1"
env_key = "OPENAI_API_KEY"
# network tuning overrides (all optional; falls back to built‑in defaults)
request_max_retries = 4            # retry failed HTTP requests
openai_stream_max_retries = 10            # retry dropped SSE streams
openai_stream_idle_timeout_ms = 300000    # 5m idle timeout
```

#### request_max_retries
How many times Codex will retry a failed HTTP request to the model provider. Defaults to `4`.

#### openai_stream_max_retries
Number of times Codex will attempt to reconnect when a streaming response is interrupted. Defaults to `10`.

#### openai_stream_idle_timeout_ms

> How long Codex will wait for activity on a streaming response before treating the connection as lost. Defaults to `300000` (5 minutes).

Reviewer: Note, TOML supports underscores in int literals, making them easier to read for large values:

```suggestion
How long Codex will wait for activity on a streaming response before treating the connection as lost. Defaults to `300_000` (5 minutes).
```

## Per-provider network tuning

The following optional settings control retry behaviour and streaming idle timeouts **per model provider**. They must be specified inside the corresponding `[model_providers.<id>]` block in `config.toml`. (Older releases accepted top‑level keys; those are now ignored.)

Example:

```toml
[model_providers.openai]
name = "OpenAI"
base_url = "https://api.openai.com/v1"
env_key = "OPENAI_API_KEY"
# network tuning overrides (all optional; falls back to built‑in defaults)
openai_request_max_retries = 4            # retry failed HTTP requests
openai_stream_max_retries = 10            # retry dropped SSE streams
openai_stream_idle_timeout_ms = 300000    # 5m idle timeout
```

### openai_request_max_retries
How many times Codex will retry a failed HTTP request to the model provider. Defaults to `4`.

### openai_stream_max_retries
Number of times Codex will attempt to reconnect when a streaming response is interrupted. Defaults to `10`.

### openai_stream_idle_timeout_ms
How long Codex will wait for activity on a streaming response before treating the connection as lost. Defaults to `300000` (5 minutes).

> ### tui

Author: I think it makes sense because it's under the provider settings?
